what's that gamemaster was in a forecast
well yes yes I was you see I got a
message a while back asking me to be
part of their a podcaster we're gonna
talk about licensed games and things
like that and you know I've said this a
few times so licensed games trying to
get the too much the bad rap in my
opinion they're not all as bad as people
make it out to be there or bad ones oh
I'll give them that they're bad ones
lots and lots of but there are also some
good ones like like spongebob f king
bottom and but the board game was pretty
good kinda yeah that was good and what
up looking here the chicken Whittle that
was good a cow annoying halfway through
but it was still good the Nick Nick to
the next two games were good yeah
they're there are some good ones there
are souls fast and make it out to be and
they're gonna talk about that and you
know that I thought that beach drinking
on Iran and stuff like that and I
checked out checked on their Channel
first make sure there were no plausible
first and you know seem like some cool
guys so I thought yeah let's do it let's
talk about it and yeah so if that sounds
it's interesting to hear you want to
hear us just talk about licensed games
for about an hour or so um then yeah
it's a quick link below and ur your
house law firm and yell so I'd like to
point out I cannot get better
about two weeks ago and i'm just now
doing this advertisement because i kind
of forgot to make this honestly you know
i was i was working on some stuff for
the next vlog video and i was looking
through the questions and then I caught
one that reminded me of this podcast and
then that's where I remembered oh yeah I
didn't do an advertisement for this yet
so I'm a little late for this but I'm
doing it now so it's okay hmm you know
so sorry Owen don't kill me